An Guiren An Guiren
Lu Luo, go and invite his aunt to be the empress
Two Empress
Doctor, what's wrong with me?
Congratulations to Empress An Hui
Your body is fine.
Just happy
I just knelt a little longer
Moved some fetal gas
Wei Chen will be fine if he goes to prescribe an abortion prescription.
You mean the Dragon Temple where I was pregnant with a monk?
Exactly! Exactly!
Congratulations Empress
Empress Hershey
This is it.
I didn't expect him to have Dragon Temple
Empress Yuan Ping
Did you know that in this palace wall
What does Dragon Temple stand for?
Mother's instrument is expensive
If I were pregnant with a prince
Then in this palace
Not just anyone can make me kneel
Even a princess
It is also better than some people who have offended the emperor
A thousand times stronger
It's not certain who will kneel in the future
Since my sister is fine
Then my sister will go first
Are you leaving?